When you spend too much time reading your slides,
the audience also focuses only on the slides and not on you.
So please try to minimize reading slides
and I tend to do it mainly when there is a quote
that I can't completely remember, which to be intellectually
honest is the result of me not preparing enough.
However, by the time you're done with the preparation
portion of this course, which is in Act Number Eight,
then you'll be more than ready to present.
And you'll actually be very excited to do it
and you're gonna enjoy giving the presentation to the extent
that you'll actually be a little bit sad when it's over.
Kinda like a good book.
When I turned the last couple pages of this one,
I was sad, it's like a part of you that's gone, you know?
And another I guess silly little analogy or example is,
you know when you really study hard for a test,
like really really hard, and you go into that test,
and this is very rare for me at least,
but you go into the test, and you ace it,
and it's so easy but you enjoy it because you prepared
so much for it, it's kinda like that, it's kinda like that.
So anyway.
You should only look at the slides quickly to see
where you are in the presentation as one word or a couple
words should remind you what you need to talk about.
And we'll cover this in a lot more detail
and I'll give many many more preparation tips
in Act Number Eight when we talk
about how to prepare for a speech.